>> There is electromagnetic
energy in that pyramid between
200 and 600 meter wavelengths.
>> In Atlantean times, we knew
that everything was mined.
>> Giants have been
found in the Midwest.
>> The father was
not Homo sapiens.
>> They traveled and
circumnavigated the entire
planet.
They may have even
been interplanetary.
>> Ishi no Hoden, it's
referred to as a floating ship.
>> Is this proof of an
advanced ancient civilization
on a global scale?
>> They have exactly the
same point of origin,
and they're attributed
to the same people.
>> It's the gods' technology,
and so that's why we can't do
it again.
>> We've got to incorporate
those discoveries
into the preexisting
scientific story,
because the evidence no longer
supports the story of the past.